public Method[] getDeclaredMethods()
                            throws SecurityException
Returns an array containing Method objects reflecting all the declared methods of the class or interface represented by this Class object, including public, protected, default (package) access, and private methods, but excluding inherited methods.
If this Class object represents a type that has multiple declared methods with the same name and parameter types, but different return types, then the returned array has a Method object for each such method.

If this Class object represents a type that has a class initialization method <clinit>, then the returned array does not have a corresponding Method object.

If this Class object represents a class or interface with no declared methods, then the returned array has length 0.

If this Class object represents an array type, a primitive type, or void, then the returned array has length 0.

The elements in the returned array are not sorted and are not in any particular order.




public Method[] getMethods()
                    throws SecurityException
Returns an array containing Method objects reflecting all the public methods of the class or interface represented by this Class object, including those declared by the class or interface and those inherited from superclasses and superinterfaces.
If this Class object represents a type that has multiple public methods with the same name and parameter types, but different return types, then the returned array has a Method object for each such method.

If this Class object represents a type with a class initialization method <clinit>, then the returned array does not have a corresponding Method object.

If this Class object represents an array type, then the returned array has a Method object for each of the public methods inherited by the array type from Object. It does not contain a Method object for clone().

If this Class object represents an interface then the returned array does not contain any implicitly declared methods from Object. Therefore, if no methods are explicitly declared in this interface or any of its superinterfaces then the returned array has length 0. (Note that a Class object which represents a class always has public methods, inherited from Object.)

If this Class object represents a primitive type or void, then the returned array has length 0.

Static methods declared in superinterfaces of the class or interface represented by this Class object are not considered members of the class or interface.

The elements in the returned array are not sorted and are not in any particular order.
